 Long ago the maids drew water In the evening time, they say, One day Isaac sent his servant To stop Rebekah on her way, My master sent me here to tell thee; See these jewels rich and rare; Would'st thou not his lovely bride be In that country over there? CHORUS It will be light in the evening time, The path to glory you will surely find; Thru the water way, It is the light today, Buried in the precious Name of Jesus Christ. Young and old, repent of all your sin, The Holy Ghost will surely enter in; The evening Light has come, It is a fact that God and Christ are one. So God's servants come to tell you Of a Bridegroom in the sky, Looking for a holy people To be His bride soon, by and by; He sends to us refreshing water In this wondrous latter day; They who really will be raptured Must go thru the water way. CHORUS It will be light in the evening time, The path to glory you will surely find; Thru the water way, It is the light today, Buried in the precious Name of Jesus Christ. Young and old, repent of all your sin, The Holy Ghost will surely enter in; The evening Light has come, It is a fact that God and Christ are one. Are you on your way to ruin, Cumbered with a load of care? See the quick work God is doing That so His glory you may share, At last the faith He once delivered To the saints, is ours today; To get in the Church triumphant You must go the water way. CHORUS It will be light in the evening time, The path to glory you will surely find; Thru the water way, It is the light today, Buried in the precious Name of Jesus Christ. Young and old, repent of all your sin, The Holy Ghost will surely enter in; The evening Light has come, It is a fact that God and Christ are one. Have you looked and often wondered Why the power is slack today? Will you stay in that back number And go on in the man-made way? Oh saints who never have been buried In the blessed name of God, Let the truth now sanctify you; It's the way apostles trod. CHORUS It will be light in the evening time, The path to glory you will surely find; Thru the water way, It is the light today, Buried in the precious Name of Jesus Christ. Young and old, repent of all your sin, The Holy Ghost will surely enter in; The evening Light has come, It is a fact that God and Christ are one. 
