 When the great plants of our cities have turned out their last finished work, When our merchants have sold their last yard of goods and dismissed the last tired clerk, When our banks have raked in their last dollar and paid the last dividends, When the Judge of the earth say, closed for the night, and asks for a balance- What Then? CHORUS What then? What then? When the great Book is opened,what then? When the ones that's rejecting this Message tonight, Will be asked to give a reason- What Then? When the choir has sung its last song and the preacher has said his last prayer, When the people have heard their last sermon and the sound has died out in the air, When the Bible lies closed on the altar and the pews are all empty of folks, And each one stands facing his record and the great Book is opened- What Then? CHORUS What then? What then? When the great Book is opened,what then? When the ones that's rejecting this Message tonight, Will be asked to give a reason- What Then? When the actors have played their last drama and the mimic has made his last fun, When the film has flashed its last film and the billboard displayed its last run, When the crowds seeking pleasure have vanished and all the liquor stores and beer joints have been closed, And the salesman sold his last drink and gone out in the darkness, When the trumpet of ages is sounded and we stand before Him- What Then? CHORUS What then? What then? When the great Book is opened,what then? When the ones that's rejecting this Message tonight, Will be asked to give a reason- What Then? When the bugle call sinks into silence and the long marching columns stand still, And the captain repeats his last orders, And the flag has been hauled from the mast. And the wounded afield checked in and a world that rejects its Saviour is asked for a reason- What Then? CHORUS What then? What then? When the great Book is opened,what then? When the ones that's rejecting this Message tonight, Will be asked to give a reason- What Then? 
